---
title: "Initial Group Meeting (1/17/2018)"
output: html_document 
---

Below are the major points we discussed during today's meeting:

1. We scheduled “workshop” in Waterloo the week of March 5-9th
2. We will have recurring meetings every Wednesday 1:30-3:00.  [DM and NB will join every other week.]
3. We discussed potential alternatives for defining flowpath length.***
4. Next Steps: a) Fix known bugs (Nate), b) Establish GitHub repository (Nate & Fred)